i prize
you calm and Craig Victor not to start
you wanted it to this tourney but tell
me about your team's performance out
there
we competed real well like he says not
to turn out that we wanted on we still
gelling as a team you know competing we
did compete we had chances to win out
there with Justin you know close out the
game so we're looking forward to you
know continuing on in the sternum and
hopefully being able to win it now all
the coaches here near the end of the
evaluation period what are you hoping
they see about your game and now it's
improved oh how hard I compete motor on
my offensive game being able to face up
on back to the basket powerfulness you
know it varies depending on the defense
and what are some of the things you're
going to be working on over this next
season to keep improving all heroines
I'm sorry conditioning standard shape
you know being able to play the whole
game or full game you know so I can help
my team up now your new home next year
gonna be Finley prep you know out here
in vegas what do you think of the city
so far i love it man it's not my first
time there's not my last time so looking
forward to making that move and on
august 17 I'll be flying it and your new
coach was in the stands watching you
what he say to you after the game none
just a good game actually watching me a
few times so it's nothing he texted me
asking where we play I let him know so
yeah he's a coach Coach days a good
coach but he always support the kids you
know a lot of energy so i'm looking
forward to him you know going watch our
teammates to in calibrating isaiah and
another coach sean miller was watching
you play what's your relationship with
like with him co was another real close
so that's nothing new everyone knows
that you know arizona is really high on
my list so looking forward to is he the
one you talked to the most or pasternak
who's always calling you oh man goes
fast enough he's one hell of a recruiter
man he always in touch after the game
before the game it takes me during the
game so yes it's good man to have a guy
you know that lets you know the school
really cares about you and I think you
were recently playing with Parker
Jackson Cartwright in Arizona commit
what was it like playing with him and
what was he in your ear about basically
man Parker played on methods only
all-american count my a great year man
is that
real cool so it wasn't really no
surprise I was happy to meet up with him
at the NBA camp you know we got a chance
to play together we did pretty well now
we ended up losing in the final four to
go to the championship so man Parker
real close you know I keep in touch with
him and keeps in touch with me ice there
he told the EYBL last week leading all
all all players and assist so that's
another good look now these days a lot
of kids are coming together to form you
know big recruiting classes any
potential Arizona recruiter that you're
talking to about maybe ended up there
smilies awesome jahlil okafor Emmanuel
mudiay justice Winslow own Parker of
course he's already there so we just
looking forward to seeing I think it's
like a domino effect one go we all go so
I guess we just yeah that's what we
trying to see ya we just looking forward
to that man we all be together in cali
on the first for adidas nation so I'm
not oh thanks for talking to us
Shh